README.md, before:

# _Alexander Fallenstedt Template_

#### _Short Description of the Project_ _This.Is.TheDate_

### By _**Alex Fallenstedt**_

## Description

This web app is designed to. The app was built using the micro-framework Silex, as well as Bootstrap...

The goal of this project was to...

## Setup/Installation Requirements

1. Fork and clone this repository from_ [gitHub](https://github.com/Fallenstedt/THERESTOFTHELINK).
2. Navigate to the root directory of the project in which ever CLI shell you are using and run the command: __composer install__ .
3. Create a local server in the /web directory within the project folder using the command: __php -S localhost:8000__ (assuming you are using a mac).
4. Open the directory http://localhost:8000 in any standard web browser.

## Known Bugs

_No Known Bugs at this Time._

## Support and contact details

If you have any questions, concerns, or feedback, please contact the author through [gitHub](https://github.com/Fallenstedt/php-code-review-2).

## Technologies Used

This web application was created using the_  [Silex micro-framework](http://silex.sensiolabs.org/)_, as well_ [Twig](http://twig.sensiolabs.org/)_, a template engine for php.

Javascript? with Chai/Mocha for testing?

### License

_MIT License._

_Copyright (c) 2016_ **Alexander Fallenstedt**

Commit message:

add readme.md and upload database

README.md, after:

# _Diploma Factory_

#### _Testing Databases with join tables_ _03/01/2016_

### By _**Alex Fallenstedt & Ryan Brown**_

## Description

This web app is designed to manage courses and students well. The app was built using the micro-framework Silex with Bootstrap.

The goal of this project was to practice using Silex and join tables in databases.

## Setup/Installation Requirements

1. Fork and clone this repository from_ [gitHub](https://github.com/Fallenstedt/university-registrar.git).
2. Navigate to the root directory of the project in which ever CLI shell you are using and run the command: __composer install__ .
3. Create a local server in the /web directory within the project folder using the command: __php -S localhost:8000__ (assuming you are using a mac).
4. Open the directory http://localhost:8000 in any standard web browser.
5. Upload database using MySQL / phpmyadmin

## Known Bugs

_No Known Bugs at this Time._

## Support and contact details

If you have any questions, concerns, or feedback, please contact the author through [Fallenstedt gitHub](https://github.com/Fallenstedt/)
[Browneryan gitHub](https://github.com/browneryan/).

## Technologies Used

This web application was created using the_  [Silex micro-framework](http://silex.sensiolabs.org/)_, as well_ [Twig](http://twig.sensiolabs.org/)_, a template engine for php.

### License

_MIT License._

_Copyright (c) 2016_ **Alexander Fallenstedt & Ryan Brown**
